README.md, before:

epigone
===
A simple WordPress boilerplate theme.


![](http://f.cl.ly/items/2Q0x0I160F022n1q2x2i/screenshot.png)


# Featured

* [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/)
* [Bower](http://bower.io/)
* [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/)
* [Bourbon](http://bourbon.io/)
* [neat](http://neat.bourbon.io/)

# Require

* node.js
* npm >= 1.4.3
* Sass >= 3.2.19

# Getting Started

### 1. Install

Go to the theme directory and type this command.

	$ git clone https://github.com/1shiharaT/epigone.git epigone

or [download](https://github.com/1shiharaT/epigone/archive/master.zip) it and then rename the directory to the name of your theme or website.

### 2. npm install

Navigate to the theme directory & then run from the command line:

	$ npm install

### 3. Setting gulpfile.js

1.change BrowserSync settings.

	// browser sync
	gulp.task('browserSync', function() {
		browserSync.init(null, {
			notify: true,
			proxy: {
				host: "your-domain.dev", // replace
				// port: 3333
			},
			ghostMode: {
				clicks: true,
				location: true,
				forms: true,
				scroll: false
			}
		});
	});

2.1 line added to wp-config.php

	define( 'BROWSERSYNC_MODE', true );


3.Starting the Gulp.

	$ gulp watch

## Use your projects

If you want to use in your project :
[generator-epigone](https://github.com/1shiharaT/generator-epigone)

Commit message:

Added to README.md the bower install

README.md, after:

epigone
===
A simple WordPress boilerplate theme.


![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1shiharaT/epigone/master/screenshot.png)


# Featured

* [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/)
* [Bower](http://bower.io/)
* [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/)
* [Bourbon](http://bourbon.io/)
* [neat](http://neat.bourbon.io/)

# Require

* node.js
* npm >= 1.4.3
* Sass >= 3.2.19

# Getting Started

### 1. Install

Go to the theme directory and type this command.

	$ git clone https://github.com/1shiharaT/epigone.git epigone

or [download](https://github.com/1shiharaT/epigone/archive/master.zip) it and then rename the directory to the name of your theme or website.

### 2. npm install

Navigate to the theme directory & then run from the command line:

	$ npm install

### 3. bower package install

you need to install the package using the bower.

	$ bower install

* [RESPONSIVE NAV](http://responsive-nav.com/)
* [Font Awesome](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)

### 4. Setting gulpfile.js

1.change BrowserSync settings.

	// browser sync
	gulp.task('browserSync', function() {
		browserSync.init(null, {
			notify: true,
			proxy: {
				host: "your-domain.dev", // replace
				// port: 3333
			},
			ghostMode: {
				clicks: true,
				location: true,
				forms: true,
				scroll: false
			}
		});
	});

2.1 line added to wp-config.php

	define( 'BROWSERSYNC_MODE', true );


3.Starting the Gulp.

	$ gulp watch

## Use your projects

If you want to use in your project :
[generator-epigone](https://github.com/1shiharaT/generator-epigone)
